New attributes in run_results.json (#4974)
fishtown-analytics/docs.getdbt.com: website/docs/docs/dbt-versions/core-upgrade/01-upgrading-to-v1.8.md

## New and changed features and functionality

### Additional attributes in run_results.json

> There are three attributes related to the `applied` state in the run_results.json (to complement unique_id):

Reviewer: Should this be a partial / snippet because it's in two places

Author: I don't think we need to  in this scenario because it's being reused only in the upgrade guide, which will not be changed if these features expand or change in the future; they'd be put in a new upgrade guide for that version.

> There are three attributes related to the `applied` state in the run_results.json (to complement unique_id):

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The run_results.json now includes three attributes related to the `applied` state that complement `unique_id`:
```

- `compiled`: Boolean entry of the node compilation status (`False` after parsing, but `True` after compiling).

> - `compiled_code`: rendered string of the code that was compiled (empty after parsing, but full string after compiling).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `compiled_code`: Rendered string of the code that was compiled (empty after parsing, but full string after compiling).
```

> - `relation_name`: the fully-qualified name of the object that was (or will be) created/updated within the database.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `relation_name`: The fully-qualified name of the object that was (or will be) created/updated within the database.
```
